stranger things season three hits
Netflix on July 4th so we've got you
covered on catching up and refreshing
your memory for everything that's
happened so far in the series in this
video we'll be recapping everything that
happened in season two in five minutes
or less if you haven't already be sure
to watch our season 1 recap now season 2
picks up nearly a year after the events
of season 1 Mike still hasn't given up
on finding out what happened to 11 will
begins to suffer from increasingly
severe upside down episodes and Dustin
and Lucas have begun pining over the
same new girl max in other relationship
developments Nancy and Steve break up
and Joyce has a new boyfriend the
lovable Bob oh and 11 has secretly been
living with hopper this entire time
although hopper insists to 11 that her
living in secret is for her own safety
11 grows angry and resentful eventually
she breaks hoppers rules and leaves
their cabin first she seeks out Mike but
after miss reading a random encounter
between him and Max's flirting she
decides to look for her biological
mother this leads to her remembering
another experiment from Hawkins lab and
goes off in search of the mysterious
Callie aka 8 it's eventually revealed
that will has been infected by the
villainous shadow monster dubbed the
mind flare wills seemingly erratic and
random drawings turn out to be an
upside-down by network underneath
Hawkins when the new improved and
virtuous Hawkins lab steps in to destroy
the vines will breaks down in agonizing
pain new lab had dr. Owens hypothesizes
that any attempt to eradicate the vines
could be lethal to will and it's not
just the mind flayer that our heroes
have to worry about packs of loose young
demagog ins have been unleashed on the
town
Steve Harrington teams up with Dustin
Lucas and max to try to stop them but
that's a task much easier said than done
the group tracks the demo dogs to
Hawkins lab where they come across Nancy
and Jonathan inside the lab which is now
being overrun by the demo dogs
is Mike hopper Joyce Bob dr. Owens and
the sick will dr. Owen stays behind to
help the others navigate out of the lab
and Bob sacrifices himself to help the
others escape so now all of our
characters are back together
all except 11 who was off on her own
adventure with Callie after learning a
few new tricks from Callie 11 returns to
Hawkins sensing Mike and the others were
in danger the group all converges at the
buyers residence where 11 finally shows
up to dispatch the demo dogs after a
very brief reunion the group break apart
to complete their final plan to defeat
the mine flare Joyce Nancy and Jonathan
take will to hoppers Cabin to burn the
virus out of him hopper and 11 head off
to the lab to close the gate to the
upside down and Steve Mike and the
others start burning the bind tunnels to
distract the demo dogs from pursuing 11
and hopper the plan is a success with
the gate being closed the demo dogs
being defeated and will finally being
cured of any residual upside down side
effects as the season comes to a close
dr. Owens gives hopper a forged birth
certificate 411 officially giving him
custody and allowing 11 to live freely
as a normal child
Hawkins lab has permanently shut down
due to Nancy and Jonathan publicly
releasing redacted secrets with the aid
of disgraced journalist Marie Bowman and
at the school dance all seemed settled
and happy Lucas and Mac's kiss Mike and
11 kiss oh and the mine flare is
revealed to still be alive watching over
the school from the upside-down
what were your favorite moments from
season 2 of stranger things what are you
most looking forward to in season 3 let
me know in the comments below like this
video subscribe for more and I'll see
you in the next one